Docs 6361 app domain v4.2 (#931)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/shared-resources.adoc

> 

Reviewer: KIM NOTES:
It's just one file, please focus only on the green text (new content).

> To use shared resources in your apps, you must complete the following tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use shared resources in your apps, you must complete the following tasks:
```

. <<create_domain_project, Create a new domain>>.
. <<define-shared-resources, Define one or more shared resources in that domain>>.
. <<assoc_apps_domain, Associate applications with the domain>>.

> . <<reference-shared-resources, Reference shared resources>> in your applications.

Reviewer: Is the formatting OK here: "...resources>> in your ...."

. <<deploy-shared-resources, Deploy the domain and the applications with shared resources>>. +
Note that you can also deploy domain and apps together in a <<Deploying Domain Bundles, domain bundle>>.

> The sections below describe the procedure for each of these steps.

Reviewer: OMIT. We want topics to be independent, without referring to "sections below" or similar.

image::create-new-domain.png[create+new+domain]
+

> * Provide a name for the project, and select a Mule runtime version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provide a name for the project, and select a Mule runtime engine version.
```
OR
```suggestion
* Provide a name for the project, and select a Mule version.
```

[[define-shared-resources]]
== Defining Shared Resources

> You can configure the <<create_domain_project,Domain Project>> by defining shared resources in your `mule-domain-config.xml` file. You can define multiple resources in this configuration file. In Anypoint Studio, you can edit this file in a couple of ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the <<create_domain_project,domain project>> by defining shared resources in your `mule-domain-config.xml` file. You can define multiple resources in this configuration file. In Anypoint Studio, you can edit this file in a couple of ways:
```

You can add module or connector dependencies to you domain project so you can use them as shared resources.

[[assoc_apps_domain]]
== Associating Applications with a Domain

> Apps can only be associated with one domain at a time. You can associate an existing app with a domain using Studio, or by editing your project's `pom.xml` file directly. If you don't set any domain dependency, applications use the `default` domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apps can be associated with only one domain at a time. You can associate an existing app with a domain either by using Studio or by editing your project's pom.xml file directly. If you don't set a domain dependency, applications use the default domain.
```

Consider the following when working with Mule 4.2.2 and later versions:

> * The version honors semantic versioning. For example, if you set the version to `1.0.1`, a domain with version `1.0.2` and later works, but a domain with version `1.0.0` does not.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY limit each list item or step to one sentence or fragment max, with any necessary clarification or details in a separate para below the item or step:
```suggestion
* The version honors semantic versioning. 
For example, if you set the version to 1.0.1, a domain with version 1.0.2 and later works, but a domain with version 1.0.0 does not.
```
We don't need to format these as syntax values, because this is a general case rather than a precise syntax example, and the values make sense as such.

> * If there are different domains deployed with the same group id, artifact id, and version, the reference in the `pom.xml` file might be ambiguous. To avoid this issue, add the name of the domain folder in the application's `mule-artifact.json` file. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If different domains are deployed with the same group ID, artifact ID, and version, the reference in the pom.xml file might be ambiguous. 
To avoid this issue, add the name of the domain folder in the application's mule-artifact.json file:
```

</dependencies>
----

=== Associate an App with a Domain Outside Studio

> 

Reviewer: Is there anything useful to use as a text transition here, between the title and the first step? Maybe circumstances in which this approach is necessary or preferred?
GLOBALLY look for ways to avoid going from a title straight to Step 1 or a table or a graphic or similar nonnarrative element.

image::pick-resource.png[pick+resource]

[[deploy-shared-resources]]
== Deploying with Shared Resources

> In Anypoint Studio, when you deploy an application that is associated to a domain, by default Studio deploys both the application and the domain together. Also, when deploying a domain project, by default Studio deploys every application associated to it, as well. You can change these default behaviors by changing the Run Configuration for the domain. In fact, you can deploy any set of applications in your workspace together, even if they don't share the same domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when you deploy either an application associated with a domain or a domain associated with any application, Anypoint Studio deploys both. You can change this default behavior by changing the run configuration for the domain. You can also deploy a set of applications in your workspace together, even if they don't share the same domain.
```
Take another look at this para and decide if the final sentence really belongs there. It seems like a different behavior, unless changing the run config enables this as well...?
